[Jetty] Migrate Windows source installation to use Pixi (#625)
ignitionrobotics/docs: jetty/install_windows_src.md

> You should be able to use `ogre` as a rendering engine instead of the default `ogre2`.
> Just append `--render-engine ogre` to the command line.

## Dependency distribution (conda-forge) and the package manager (Pixi)

Binaries for all the dependendencies used by Gazebo can be found in the [conda-forge](https://conda-forge.org/)
package repository. The Gazebo buildfarm and these instructions uses the [Pixi](https://pixi.sh/) package manager
but other package managers for Conda should work like miniforge, mamba, etc.

## Install dependencies

1. If no package manager is installed in the system to manage conda-forge dependencies, the recommended

>    option is to follow the Pixi installer instructions.

Reviewer: It's now perhaps not clear that this needs to be executed in the command prompt as it was before.

   ```bash

>    powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm -useb https://pixi.sh/install.ps1 | iex"

Reviewer: Before it said " follow the Pixi installer instructions". Is it a good idea to actually have the install commands here? Isn't it better to refer to the pixi install instructions directly (might be more future proof). ROS 2 has that in their [latest windows source installation instructions ](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Installation/Alternatives/Windows-Development-Setup.html#install-pixi)

## Using the workspace

The workspace needs to be sourced every time a new terminal is used (
and the Pixi environment activated before that).

The overall instructions for setting up a new terminal to use the built
workspace are:

```bash
# CMD
cd gazebo
pixi shell
call install\setup.bat

# PowerShell
cd gazebo
pixi shell
.\install\setup.ps1
```
<div class="warning">
An issue in the conda-forge Qt6 package is requiring to set QT environment variables:
</div>

```bash
# Until https://github.com/conda-forge/qt-main-feedstock/issues/275 is resolved
cd gazebo

> set QT_PLUGIN_PATH=%CD%\.pixi\envs\default\Library\lib\qt6\plugins

Reviewer: Actually, in the pixi shell the CONDA_PREFIX environment variable is active as I've learned!

```suggestion
set QT_PLUGIN_PATH=%CONDA_PREFIX%\Library\lib\qt6\plugins\platforms
```

> set QML2_IMPORT_PATH=%CD%\.pixi\envs\default\Library\lib\qt6\qml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set QML2_IMPORT_PATH=%CONDA_PREFIX%\Library\lib\qt6\qml
```

     your `conda` environment with:

     ```bash

>      rm -rf <workspace_name>  # gz-ws was used as workspace_name in this document

Reviewer: rm -rf is not supported in powershell and cmdprompt

```suggestion
     rmdir /s /q <workspace_name>  # gz-ws was used as workspace_name in this document
```

     ```

  3. If you want to keep the source code, you can remove the
     `install` / `build` / `log` directories as desired, leaving the `src` directory.

  4. Last, if you do not need the Pixi environment anymore, you can remove it with

     ```bash

>      rm -fr <pixi_env_path>  # "gazebo" was used as pixi_env_path in this document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     rmdir /s /q <pixi_env_path>  # "gazebo" was used as pixi_env_path in this document
```
